the only people who don't want to
disclose the truth the office of
conservation in consultation with
Assumption Parish incident command is
advising that the Texas brine facility
sinkhole appears to be undergoing the
growth event indicated by a recent
upswing in measured seismic activity
that began to decrease about the time of
this morning's release of debris and
crude oil to the top of the sinkhole as
well as the appearance of cracks on the
surface of the oxy three well pad
located directly above Texas brines
failed cavern and on the eastern side of
the sinkhole monitoring of seismic
activity and direct field observations
from ground level and over flights are
part of the ongoing response to
determine the potential extent of this
latest growth event one of several
observed since the formation of the
sinkhole observations indicate that the
current growth and then descend on the
east side of the sinkhole possibly
related to shifting of salt and material
within the cavern collapsed zone after a
period of heightened activity the number
and strength of sharp seismic events
jump markedly following the release of
debris and hydrocarbons from the same
hole though impacts at the surface on
the eastern side of the Cinco will
continue to be monitored closely
following the appearance of the well pad
surface cracks on the southwestern
corner of the oxy 3 well pad the office
of conservation advise that personnel
and equipment should be removed from the
site to ensure safety while observation
and analysis of the growth event are
ongoing though the exact timing and
extent of episodic growth events cannot
be predicted the office of conservation
and its consultants had identified the
oxy 3 well pad as being within the area
of potential sinkhole growth and has
maintained constant monitoring of
subsurface conditions and activity for
signs of instability in order to act
quickly to protect the safety of the
public and workers on site hello
everybody how y'all doing well you heard
that report and I'm still sticking to
this
bo it's coming up folks and if I was you
I wouldn't go there I wouldn't go there
under any circumstance I wouldn't
jeopardize my family and the people that
are down there I still recommend that
you do the best you can buy leaving down
there because that pad that they're
talking about cracking as I'm to believe
that that is the propane tank so you
know I ain't sure but I'm pretty sure
that's what that's actually preferring
to so let's listen to that again of this
morning's release of debris and crude
oil to the top of the sinkhole as well
as the appearance of cracks on the
surface of the oxy three well pad
located directly above Texas brines
failed cavern and on the eastern side of
the sinkhole okay well y'all know I made
a video on this before and I'm using
part of it again this was the one back I
don't remember one of the last ones the
one that you saw at the very beginning
was the latest update that we have which
was on the seventeenth this is this
one's a little bit older than that but
my point in my stands on this people
this is just my opinion now I'll take it
out of context this was my opinion if I
were you I would not take my family to
know football game I wouldn't go to New
Orleans for the festival and I would
stay away from down there is best I
could over there with him them well the
tanks are right there is where the other
propane tank is so I don't move folks
but if I was y'all I would definitely
stay out of there februari to third 2013
to be a very bad day I'm not saying that
I know what I'm talking about and I'm
not saying I don't
what I am saying is it's better to be
safe than sorry and being a situation
that you can't control norfolk's or do
anything about but if the people don't
show up to that football game and show
up to New Orleans festivals maybe the
people in New Orleans and assumption
pairs can get some real serious help if
you people will help make this go viral
enough to wear enough people see it and
understand really what's going on down
there maybe then maybe then we can stand
up to this travesty that's happening so
much love to yo y'all have a great
evening okay if there's a blue pill and
a red pill and the blue pill is half the
price of the red pill and works just as
well why not pay half price